you wake up with your head feeling heavy
one where's your comfy bed
and two why were you just sleeping on
the wet and dirty ground in the middle
of nowhere
wait what's all this stuff around you
are you in
the jungle there's a backpack nearby
with essentials like water cookies
candy bars and a jacket it's yours for
sure but still
hello how on earth did you get here
wait jacket it's insanely hot you
definitely won't be needing that
seriously what is this place giant leafy
plants
thick rainforest trees huh kinda looks
like jurassic
you jump in fear look around and run
under one of those shady plants
okay not a great choice and definitely
not the best time to recall that you're
terrible at hide and seek
there's a huge weird looking animal
coming out of the bushes
staring at you dinosaur you scream you
shiver you cover your eyes
not exactly how you were expecting your
morning to go
wait a minute dinosaurs don't bark you
open your eyes
that thing definitely charged at you but
now it's just jumping around
wagging its long tail barking and
sticking its tongue out
and it looks so familiar it's a dog
you almost cry out in relief that
thing's weird
doggosaurus what else could it be
big gray and hairy but insanely familiar
to a t-rex
its front legs are actually short little
arms and its long muzzle with sharp
teeth is all over you
well dogosaurus is covering you with
dino slobber
another hairy thing comes out of the
bushes white and fluffy
short front legs long dark gray tail
ridiculously big
ears it's a dino rabbit
the two animals start chasing each other
and goofing around
is this for real dogasaurus gets bored
and comes running up to you
starts rubbing his head on your arm you
pet it
while also wondering what to do next
what happens if this thing gets annoyed
or
hungry i'm gonna call it max
you grab a random stick and throw it as
far as possible
well at least that's over the dino dog's
gone and
questions start overloading your brain
what's that thing doing in the jungle
what else lives here are they all going
to be that friendly
it doesn't take long to find out a
horrifying sound
fills your ears you turn slowly this
time
another surprise just a few feet away
another huge beast is staring at you its
eyes are the scariest part wide open and
pointed directly at you
you hold your breath it could all be
over in an instant
but after a moment you let out a sigh of
relief
it's only a zebra well zebra saurus
bizarre black and white stripes over a
muscular body
and wow that head is long its tail looks
like it means business
and its back is covered with bony plates
zebrasaurus takes a step forward zebras
they just eat grass and stuff right hope
this thing does do
let's see three options run lie still or
pet the giant zebrasaurus
wham a way more hairy beast jumps out of
the bushes
and the race is on was that a chuckle a
laugh
wait was that a hyena hyenasaurus
hyenas have one of the strongest jaws
and necks around
that plus dinosaur pretty serious
combination
one option run that zebra seems to know
what's up
you start running fighting off huge
leafy plants and tripping over the roots
of tall jungle trees
you jump duck dodge and finally get out
of the jungle
a beach perfect now you've got time to
think about what you just saw
what's the plan now ocean palm sun
and finally some fresh sea air you take
a deep breath
and close your eyes quiet as a feather
giant paws softly crushing the grass the
whoosh of an elegant tail
huge grayish and strong with insanely
long
claws hidden in her big soft paws and
the head
gross you do a double take still grubs
it looks like a bare skull with sharp
teeth and warm yellow
eyes this animal's not interested in you
at all
it crouches down looks ready to pounce
then
the catasaurus lazily purrs and starts
licking its fur
well at least it didn't think you look
like a mouse a stick
a ball a cardboard box cats like the
weirdest things
no time the beach is suddenly full of
gigantic red crabs
there's hundreds of them lying around
resting their long sharp claws
since when do crabs have ten eyes and
four huge claws
crabosa raptors do you cover your mouth
but the screen comes out anyways you run
back
into the jungle not the best idea
this time you run and never look back
your only goal
is not to hear those rasping clicking
crabasa raptor claws anymore
something's different though the
jungle's changed the jungle looks like
it's morphing
no more vines huge weird leaves the air
is cooler
the paths are a bit wider apparently
you're in a forest now
you come across a large open field with
a big dreamy lake in the middle
perfect selfie location apart from all
those dino things
and trees that can shape-shift
apparently
a piercing scream flies across the lake
pretty easy to recognize this graceful
animal
even if the color's a bit off it's a
gray swanodactyl
s-shaped neck and everything but this
swans had a few
upgrades installed razor sharp beak
big strong claws and eyes that look like
they can spot a tasty meal from miles
away
well you're not a fish so you'll
probably be all right
apart from that the lake is gorgeous
water lilies everywhere
the size of tables humongous lilies
humongous
ribbit ribbit great frog asaurus
that's a thing now a huge one jumps out
of the water
and lands like a ninja on a lily it
looks like a huge rock
covered with dark grey bumpy skin
there's no prince charming hiding in
that thing
no way you hide behind a giant bush
that frog has an epic sized tongue nasty
not even that crazy tongue could save it
from what was coming up behind it
the floating head of a giant
crocodilosaurus
rap directs something it looks the same
as a regular crocodile
only much bigger like it needed any help
to make it scarier
frogasaurus jumps back into the water
and starts to swim away with its huge
back legs
the chase is on and pretty soon they
both disappear under the service
sure hope that guy made it you almost
feel sorry for the poor frog
but there's no time to think the ground
starts to shake
that's never good a couple of trees near
you crash to the ground
it looks like an upside down boat what
is that thing
oh turtle saurus that guy needs to lay
off the coffee and protein bars
um what's that buzzing it's getting
louder and louder
two things one that sounds like a bee
two
please let it just be normal size
but instead of a tiny flying insect a
human-sized b-racks
lands on the giant turtle shell it's got
its legs like a power lifter and its
antennas look sharp
if it's only one that's okay hopefully
out of nowhere you hear a horrifying
shriek
oh please make it stop already a giant
shadow covers the ground and you look up
some sort of bird-like dinosaur these
things actually have an official name
but you have no idea what it is
you only see its reddish blue feathers a
sharp beak full of sharper teeth
and what are those things coming out of
its wings
the bird sees the b-rex and swoops down
to grab itself a midday snack
but b-rex hides under the turtle shell
good thinking
something tells me i wouldn't be that
fast or clever if that happened to me
i'd probably just and then it happens
it's dark creepy eyes notice you from a
distance
you take a small step back so far none
of the other animals have noticed you
crack
a twig snaps under your shoe and
suddenly dozens of eyes latch onto you
curious angry hungry eyes back to option
number one
run you're going as fast as you can but
everything seems
hopeless you've come to a huge cliff
with a river way down at the bottom
you close your eyes and jump
boom your whole body shakes you open
your eyes
you're awake it was all just a bad dream
right